It took me a while to get into the book but the ending was worth the wait in my opinion.

I thoroughly enjoyed this book! The remembrances of an old man of his time in a piece of Americana, the travelling circus. Sara Gruen makes us feel the excitement of the Big Top, the pain, sadness and joy of the people in it, and conveys the dire circumstances of the Great Depression so you can almost taste the dust. I wanted to hurt some of the characters and hug others. The ending is divine.

So interesting. Great writing, I was totally absorbed. What a dismal yet fascinating life of the circus at that time.

good reading it was recomended to me by my daughter which I am glad I got It was like a true life story

As I read the first chapter of Water for Elephants, I found myself drawing close to Jacob Jankowski, and by the time I finished chapter 2, I loved him.Gruen writes this character so vividly that you can feel what he is going through and feel enormous empathy for the man who says he is 90 or 93. When he relives those days in the circus through his memories, you go with him. And those days were a mighty adventure filled with excitement, pain, and a very special love. By the final pages of the book, I wanted to wrap my arms around him. I highly recommend this book!

I bought this book on tape to give as a gift.  The tape came on time and in good shape.  I will be waiting to hear how my friend likes the book.

A very unique tale and exposure to a world that I would never have thought to read about. Interesting love story. Could have done without the raunchy descriptions throughout. The ending was very unrealistic and kind of ruined the book for me personally.

I loved this book, very entertaining, easy to follow, enjoyed this book and can't wait to see the movie. I want to read more of her books.

Such a well written book, great story that draws you in and doesn't let you go until the end! Would definitely read again

This book is firmly positioned in my top 10 best reads ever. A truly wonderful book.

All in all, a very good book. This one is good, though it never really talks about or explains the title .

I loved it. Don't let the subject matter distract you from a great novel . Great.

A very worthwhile read and a story that will stick with me forever.Fascinating and easy to read.

The perfect ending in any book I have read in a loing time. I must say I adore this book . Best book in a long time.

 I was quickly drawn into the story and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The ending was a bit of a stretch, but having been drawn into the characters, it was still satisfying. A fun book to read.

I absolutely loved reading this book.  It kept me entertained from cover to cover. 

Definately in my top ten favorites of all time. I read it in a day and a half . Fabulous.

 It is a very charming love story played out on the set of a traveling circus.

This was a fun book that was easy to read and follow. I appreciate the ending of the book, and thought it was a nice ending to his life journey.

It grabbed my attention immediately, and I loved it.Really interesting read.

Very good story. I liked the story being told from the old man's memories and his current life. It is a story rich with characters.

A charming, touching, entertaining read from start to finish.


I found the circus content to be very interesting. Some of the facts being based on actual events in history made me more interested. 

This book is an insightful look at the behind the scene life in the traveling circus.  Although occasionally disturbing, overall a interesting and enjoyable read.

I Bought this one on a whim as my favorite authors seemed to have dried up a little. I'm so glad I did, it's wonderful.

I was quite pleased with this Novel and enjoyed it very much. I found the Authors note at the end very interesting. It is a great Read. I recommend it.

I just loved this book. The author certainly did her homework on this one. The characters are endearing and the story wonderful to read. Fabulous.

Love this book.I would recommend this book to anyone. I could not stop reading it , it always kept me wondering.Great book.

Very interesting book about the workings of the circus, I recommend this book to everyone.  Great writing and details about the circus.amazing read.

This is a wonderful book. I enjoyed reading it and can't wait for them to finish shooting and to be able to see it brought to the big screen. 

I liked this book very much - more than I thought I would, actually.It was an enjoyable to read this book.

I bought this book because I was intrigued when the movie came out. I've never been a big fan of books made into movies, but the story sounded good.I couldn't put the book down!! I read it in two nights, and found it well-written and very touching. I loved the details of circus life, and the family that was created by a group of people traveling together.I would recommend this book! It's a fast read that makes you feel good inside.

This is wonderful book!It's a must read, once you pick up the book, you won't want to put it down until the end.  You'll never believe the crazyness behind the freakshows and the secretive and passionate characters behind the facade of happiness.Completely amazing, can't wait to read it again.

I absolutely loved this book.I am an Animal lover,and have very fond memories of my Grandma taking me to the Circus.At the End of the book I had tears running down my face.True Storytelling Genius.One of the most Beautiful Stories!

This was the most engrossing novel that I have read in a long time.  I appreciated all of the research that Gruen went through to produce such an authentic account.  From the first  I escaped into an arena that I was not acquanted with until the final  pages that were so enchanting.

This novel is extremely plot driven and is not a literary challenge by any means. I appreciate the take on circus life; this isn't something that is commonly written about. It was still very enjoyable and interesting, and I would recommend it for all readers.Unique Concept.

Water for Elephants is the first adult novel I've read and it certainly didn't disappoint.

I was fortunate enough to first listen to this story as an audio book. If you get the chance, I'd recommend you hear the audio book as hearing the main character in the voice of a young man and as an elderly male, added to the pleasure of discovering this circus love story. Because I was so impressed by the audio book i purchased the eBook so I could enjoy it all again on my Kindle. This one is a classic.

I knew from the very first chapter that I was going to be swept away by this one. In fact, it was hard to put it down, especially the last hundred pages or so. Definitely recommend picking this one up! A total treat. 

I liked this book a lot.  The characters are all fully developed, and the book is a great behind-the-scenes, realistic look at the circus.  Both men and women should find the book enjoyable.This book is terrific.

I'm pretty sure that no matter what I say about this book, my words won't be able to do it justice.  It's an incredible book, brilliant, educational [to an extent] and highly entertaining.

I'm pretty sure that no matter what I say I about this book, my words won't be able to do it justice.  It's an incredible book, brilliant educational and highly entertaining. this is an Engrossing read for everyone.

I wanted to read the book before I saw the movie and was greatly surprised that I enjoyed it so much.  It is a story filled with such sad moments but also the promise of a happy future.  It is told in a wonderful way.  I enjoyed the whole ride from beginning to end. This is a fantastic story for everyone.

Recommend it to anyone looking for a good read.

Kept my attention the whole time.  Has some humor and an interesting circus story as well.  The romance, well you'll just have to read that for yourself.

The story will remain with you. I look forward on reading this novel again and again. I would very highly recommend it.Hypnotic and perfect.

The book offered a glimpse into a past lifestyle and I found it interesting.  Perhaps a little silly and could have included more history but all in all I enjoyed it. Worth reading.

I found the book so interessting right from the beginning to the end. It starts outwith a death and it keeps you wondering how it all is going to end.A Really Good Book.

Superbly easy to read! One of my new favorites for sure. Can not wait to read it again in the near future.

This is such a nice book.  I truely recommend it. You can't put it down after you start reading. You won't regret reading it.

I absolutely loved this book. I couldn't put it down. You should definitely read this it's amazing.Beautiful all the way through.

Holds your interest from the first pages.  Hated to put it down.  I want to see the movie now,but heard the book is better.

I enjoyed this book very much. It is a good read for anyone who like romance novels. This was a very intriguing story. 

Such a good book. I could not put it down. I love the history.

I got the book quickly and absolutely love it. It was in great condition for being used and at such a good price. Love Love Love.
