The animal abuse was heartbreaking. I'm not sure why I finished this book.Boring + Evil = Crap

Not my kind of book. It's kind of rough and tumble from the circus aspect. Some things crude. I just lost interest early. For me it wasn't the book.

I had to drag myself through this book ntil I could no longer, and had to stop halfway.It is boring & redundant, don't believ all the hype",

I had the whole thing figured out right from the start!Snore....Not sure why this got so many stars.

I purchased this book because it received great reviews from readers on amazon.com.  Truthfully, I was disappointed because I found the book rather dull.  There was very little action in the novel and I did not emphathize with any of the characters other than Jankowski in his 90s in the assisted living facility.  The insight provided into the \"circus world\" of the Great Depression was interesting, but overall, I would not recommend the book.

I am not a big fan of books on tape.The story is not interesting or enlightening. A bad story can be read thru rather quickly but on tape listening at a horribly slow pace....well  ...it is like water torture.

I must say that it is one of the worst books I have ever read and I have been an avid reader my entire life. I actually felt very embarrassed for the author while reading the book.I found the whole thing absurd and unbelievable.

I found the parts that I read pornographic and vulgar.I should just stick to the young adult novels. dissapointing.

The subject is very confusing and a bad change from crime novels. And I also found the writing very thin and informal.

The writing is very dull and boring.  Didn't live up to my expectations. Not worth reading.

This book was not at all what I was expecting. this book is little confusing and very long .Not at all what I expected.

I enjoyed the movie more, since the book is very long and boring to read. never judge a book by it's cover. I didn't like this book .

There was a slow start toward the beginning. And towards the end it got even more slow and boring . i won't recommend this book to anyone to read.

this book was horrible.  The characters were flat, the story was unengaging. the writing is so bad. 

I read this book after my friend suggested me, but it was soo bad and not at all as i had expected it to be . It is very long and boring book to read . The contents are not rich and is terrible.

I didn't like the story line and the lanuguage and sexual content. It was much too graphic for me. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Didn't like it.

Just when you stop grimacing from one unbelievable gorey tragedy and don't think it can get much worse, it does.  Violence, murders, foul language, adultery, gore, and animal cruelty dominate.  It was creepy.

This book had a good story line, but the language and sexual content was more than I like. Not for kids.

It took me a good 4 days to get halfway through this book before it finally caught my attention. It was okay, I wasnt drawn in immediately. i completely disliked this book. 

There was a lot of sexual language that didn't add to the story at all. It just had a lot more sexual content than I want to read.Inappropriate language.

I didn't see the movie and after reading the book, I wonder how it became a movie.I thought it was a ver slow read, just didn't capture my interest enough.Was not impressed.

The prose was uninspiring.  Most of the characters were not believable.  If books were as wines, I'd rate this an average. 

I was really disappointed by this book. But the circus stuff was very pedestrian. No spark to the writing. Don't waste your time. This is a pointless stroy to read. 
