This book has so much you can take out of it to use in your real life. Amazing, and one of my favorite reads of all time.

The lessons in this book can really positively impact the life of a teen or young person. If you like Kahlil Gibran, I think you could appreciate this also.

If you were looking for an example of an intelligently designed (pun intended) book of spiritual guidance, this would be it.It just cuts to the heart of how to live and how to relate to others.  If Jesus and the Buddha teamed up to write a book, it might come out like this.When I first read it, I found some passages difficult to grasp.Now, if I could have only one book, this would probably be it.

the excellent condition and speedy receipt of this product will always encourage me to purchase items from Amazon and their providers.WONDERFUL!!!

It was my mistake to assume the book would come with a book jacket, which it didn't despite the picture of it. However, pages are intact and came in decent condition.

Can't say enough about Kahlil Gibran's work among this piece. Everybody in the whole world should read this! There is almost too much to take in, really appreciate and put towards our daily lives. In my opinion, it is just one of the most beautiful literature pieces ever written. Would recommend to as a gift for anyone spiritual/poetic/philosophy/educational piece or just something to enjoy here and there. 5 stars for sure!

I don't usually read for pleasure, in fact this book took me a month to finish because i read it so sporadically, but it was an easy read and a rather short book, very rich and quite honestly an example of getting more enlightenment from less text than most other books.

I have always loved this book and had misplaced my original copy so I was happy to get it again.

I like everything Kahill writes.  it touches me and i feel it is so out of this world and yet apart of it as well.

This version of Khalil Gibran's book is a beautiful work and one I often give as a gift. The complementary artwork is fantastic. One of the most moving books I've read

In my opinion, this is a Classic worth reading again and again!  Comfort and life's important lessons can be learned again and again.  I've read this book many times and  will continue  to do so.

This particular rendition has had many re-printings, for a reason: it's very popular. The textured paper, old-style typography, and leather cover are better than a plain-old paperback. The size is diminutive, which is perfect for this book.

My friend recommended this book, she said she had read it as a young girl and it made an impression. So I bought it for my son.  I read it and loved it.  The way the book is written is so sweet and beautiful. The explanation to lives basic spiritual rules are poetry.I loved it!!

Gibran releases himself in this amazing, driven insight to the human  experience.  A definite must for those who enjoy life!!

Since I absolutely loved this book while in high school, I gave copies to each of my daughters.  The beauty of these written words is difficult to describe and a must read.

Anything I've read by Gibran is, in my mind, flawless. This, the most famous of his works, is no exception. It is simple, yet deep; honest and profound; moving and inspirational. Gibran's work is one of a kind, and can be far more encouraging and moving than any self-help program or therapy or anything like that. The poetic style, the aphorisms, the parables, the almost biblical feel, are all just what over-worked, over-stressed, modern and spiritually starved worldly people need.

Cool book, I really like the quality of the production. I am proud to include it in my collection.Very readable, the stories are short and highly economic so that one is likely to read for only a minute or two until something insightful is revealed.I give it 5 stars. I considered giving only 4 stars because the format is fairly predictable but I have decided that this quality is actually a strength as one can pick up the book at any point and continue until the end...and then start over for that matter.  Excellent for busy people or commuters!

This book is everything that is simple, delicate, true, and beautiful.I have read few books so touching and enlightening; &quot;The Prophet&quot; is a true masterpiece that has that feeling of ancient wisdom in it. The wisdom of the text is gentle, yet insistent, it lets you understand things you've always known.My feelings defy description.

The Prophet is a must read. His outlook on life is truly an inspiring guide on how to approach major life decisions. This is a relationship with a man's work you won't regret having.

I would have to say that this is the best book I've ever read.. I could feel every word deep in my heart everytime, of the many times I've read it!  I would never get enough of it! its a treasure..

I read this book at least once a year and every year I gain new insight from it. This book changed my life and I hope it does that same for you. If you're looking for something with poetic, beautifully grafted language than look no further. Kahlil Gibran talks about all aspects of life: marriage, love, religion, eating, etc. Anything that is of relative importance he talks about. If you're not sure about it, go for it. It's a really short book and I assure you won't be disappointed.
